todo.md, before:

think about implementing an authentication mechanism, to authenticate and store the accesstoken once the user is signup
to implement this feature we may need a frontend, which will redirect us to our backend


=> what's diff between hashing and encryption ? // password security thing

### database_design ==> normalization is good in terms of scalability, but query will take longer time to execute


configure hashi corp key-vault => user docer container initially

add more and more buy and sell strategies
rename the methods, we must be having only 2 method 1 for buy 1 for sell, having only a single method for both the transactions is optimal

think of the db structure for auditing, keeping the order data and user information
also need to think how can we use the order information append to demat table

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Task 5:
Fix the typeOrm code, which is breaking in some save update operations.

Task 4:
Alert system trigger implementation, so that we can get an webhook call whenever there's an alert notification

Task 7:
Complete all the well known strategies implementations

Task 8:
think of some cheapest but secure way to deploy the application. ==> Linode

Task 9:
Implement retry mechanism for api calls ==> test the code

Task 10:
Enhance the error handling in request handler files.

Task 12:
Explore event triggers

Task 13:
Integrate google sheets

Task 14:
call some auth-less scanner GET apis to get the data regularly

Task 15: 
start analysing flat trade, code base, I need to integrate that BROKER as well.

Task 3: Data base
Audit table
Orders table
Holding table

TASK 16:
[NSE 52 WEEK HIGH API](https://www.nseindia.com/api/live-analysis-data-52weekhighstock)
TrendLyne => Free API

Commit message:

unit test implementation has started.

todo.md, after:

think about implementing an authentication mechanism, to authenticate and store the accesstoken once the user is signup
to implement this feature we may need a frontend, which will redirect us to our backend


=> what's diff between hashing and encryption ? // password security thing

### database_design ==> normalization is good in terms of scalability, but query will take longer time to execute


configure hashi corp key-vault => user docer container initially

add more and more buy and sell strategies
rename the methods, we must be having only 2 method 1 for buy 1 for sell, having only a single method for both the transactions is optimal

think of the db structure for auditing, keeping the order data and user information
also need to think how can we use the order information append to demat table

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
- [ ] Task 5:
Fix the typeOrm code, which is breaking in some save update operations.

- [ ] Task 7:
Complete all the well known strategies implementations

- [ ] Task 8:
think of some cheapest but secure way to deploy the application. ==> Linode

- [ ] Task 9:
Implement retry mechanism for api calls ==> test the code

- [ ] Task 10:
Enhance the error handling in request handler files.

- [ ] Task 12:
Explore event triggers

- [ ] Task 13:
Integrate google sheets

- [ ] Task 14:
call some auth-less scanner GET apis to get the data regularly

- [ ] Task 15: 
start analysing flat trade, code base, I need to integrate that BROKER as well.

- [ ] Task 3: Data base
Audit table
Orders table
Holding table

- [ ] TASK 16:
[NSE 52 WEEK HIGH API](https://www.nseindia.com/api/live-analysis-data-52weekhighstock)
TrendLyne => Free API
[TRENDLYNE IPO SCANNER](https://trendlyne.com/ipo/api/screener/year/2024/)

- [ ] Task 16:
start writing test cases for end to end testing.

- [ ] Task 17:
A new api in trading controller, which is able to read files in csv or xslx format and update the order, holding tables.
